- When deciding how to size your microservices,
one common strategy is to leverage domain-driven design
and as such to focus on the bounded context
when decomposing a large multi-domain system
into individual services.
Understanding how to properly decompose an application
for a microservices implementation is not an easy task
and this design pattern can help you.
The core concept is to investigate your working system
and determine the domains.
Then, focus on the boundaries of those domains
as well as the inner workings of them.
Use that knowledge to break your services up.
Most of the early mistakes in migrating an existing monolith
into a microservices architecture
comes from either making your services too granular
or not granular enough.
The key to finding the sweet spot on granularity
is to leverage domain-driven design,
but to do so in an educated manner first.
So let's talk about determining the bounded context
for your domains.
The gut reaction may be to just break your data domains up
and focus on that alone,
but you run the real risk of having latency creep up
when you do this.
You really need to spend some time
and analyze the traffic patterns in your code
based on real-world use cases of your system.
Once you identify the actual use cases of your system,
then you can start evaluating the interaction boundaries.
Part of the goal in building on your bounded contexts
is to reduce your cross-domain calls where appropriate.
Say for instance you have a customer domain
that is fairly well-defined,
but you also have a user domain for your login information.
As you look at traffic patterns,
you note that every time your user domain is called,
it calls your customer domain.
Now this would be an argument
for putting both of these domains
into a single bounded context,
but you may need to investigate a little deeper.
What if there are only 1% of the calls
to your customer domain from your user domain?
And at the same time,
there is data in your user domain
that needs to be secured in a different manner.
These may be sufficient arguments
for separating them into different bounded contexts.
There is no clear-cut pattern here,
but once again knowledge is key.
So you may have a feeling
about why bounded context matter at this point.
Latency is such a pain point in microservices.
There is no real need to add extra calls
when they make zero sense.
By evaluating the domains
and building strong bounded contexts,
you can reduce the number of calls made
in your system as a whole.
By reducing the distribution tax on your system,
you will have better overall system health which in turn
will make your microservices implementation more successful.
One other reason to have strong definitions
of the bounded contexts
is for better contracts between services.
With well-defined boundaries of your contexts,
you get a self-discovery of your system as a whole.
Because you have taken the time to build out these domains
and structured them precisely,
a consumer of a service on your system
should be able to determine
the correct location to search for the services
they need to consume.
So while this process is aimed at improving performance
on the system as a whole,
it can also improve your agility
and speed in your development processes
which every team ultimately strives for.